chore: Clarification about activation (#863)
kedacore/keda-docs: content/docs/2.8/concepts/scaling-deployments.md

- Opposite to scaling value, the activation value is always optional and the default value is 0.
- The activation value has more priority than the scaling value in case of different decisions for each. ie: `threshold: 10` and `activationThreshold: 50`, in case of 40 messages the scaler is not active and it'll be scaled to zero even the HPA requires 4 instances.

> > ⚠️ **NOTE:** If scaler's page doesn't define the specific parameter is because that specific scaler doesn't support activation value and is always 0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> ⚠️ **NOTE:** If a scaler doesn't define "activation" parameter (a property that starts with `activation` prefix), then this specific scaler doesn't support configurable activation value and the activation value is always 0.
```
